Well, good
evening, family. Thank you for joining
us again. Today, we're going to pray, and
we're going to
go over some of the things that are in
the news.
Today, Braden found a lot, so
there were a lot of neat little things
that he just showed me that I had no
idea about, because I've been taking care of Megan
and Paisley. And I told him, "Get
it all together, and you'll surprise me
with some of it."So, I'm excited about
what he has to show us tonight. If not
very much at all—then I think you
have some, don't you, son? Okay.
Let's go ahead with what
the Lord
was telling
us,
what we saw last night about
the trafficking.
Now, we're going to continue to pray for
the trafficking to be busted.
I saw it coming out
of
a certain area—I'll call it... should I?
I know it's the border, but I'm
trying not to be
precise on where I saw the truck
coming,
but I want to say it.
I'm just going to be bold and say it: it was
by Nogales.
It was Nogales, by that area.
Where I saw this
trafficking coming,
I saw cattle trucks.
I saw
an area where they were
crossing over, and it looked like
farmland.
It looked kind of like, you know,
sage
grass;
it's dry, real dry-looking. It looked
like desert,
and
mesquite trees were all around. But I
could see the path
in the ground, in the dirt, where there
had been ruts
from travel. There were so many ruts from
either trucks or whatever, but it looked
like sandy ruts going up through this
area.
And they were using cattle truck
trailers
that had air vents on the sides, like what
Braden's about to show you.
Okay.
And
I did not see people like this;
I saw that they had made a makeshift
bottom floor—maybe "makeshift"is not
the word.
It was a fake floor
that they had,
which
was skinny enough
that a human body could crawl underneath
there and stay.
But the whole bottom of this floor of
this trailer was fake,
and there were children in that
fake floor. The trailer had animals in
it, livestock,
looking
like they were transporting
cattle,
but there were children, young
girls, in the bottom of this fake floor
of this trailer.
It was not a very big space, and it
was very hot. I could see this child
crying.
She had a
muscle
shirt—you
know, like a
tank top that had a scoop neck,
white—with
some kind of skirt
that went to the middle of her calf.
I could see her laying there; she was
kind of heavy. She had bangs that
went to about here, her hair was black,
and her skin was tan, like a
Latina.
She was crying, but as I was
looking beside her, there were other
children who were in there, in the
bottom of this.
From
what I could tell, there were at
least six
children.
They were being trafficked
to
America from Mexico,
and they were in this
cattle
thing.
That's what we were interceding for
last night, praying for these kids to be
found by our Border Patrol.
So,
as I was looking at this, I saw them going
from the El Paso area all the way up through
Lubbock
and Amarillo—that highway that goes up
towards Colorado, or you can go
east to Oklahoma City, or you
could go west to Albuquerque. That's
the
highway they were using
for
trafficking
young girls. They were servicing
John Does in hotel rooms
in
Lubbock and Amarillo, in
low-class hotels—some of them looked
like Hiltons, I
won't say the name.
Oh,
Braden,
my job is hard.
It looked like hotel rooms,
and
I could see specific hotels
where
young girls were
servicing John Does.
And the Lord told me, "Pray against this,
for FBI raids to come against this, and
local sheriffs and law
enforcement to bust these
people."So,
that's what we were interceding for.
I don't know if they were college
girls;
all I know is these girls looked white.
They looked like Caucasian, young teenage
girls. They didn't look Hispanic,
they didn't look African-American or
whatever; they looked like white girls,
18 or 19 years old, somewhere around there.
They were there, and the
Lord said that's what we're praying
against.
So, I saw that they were using this
highway because people were looking for
them on I-35
going through Dallas.
It's more
crowded,
so
they were using a highway that was
less crowded
than a major city area like Dallas-Fort
Worth.
They were using Lubbock and Amarillo; these
are smaller cities.
And so, I was praying, and that's what I
was seeing in this vision last night. And
then, they were forking off and either
going to Oklahoma City or
to Albuquerque, but
they were splitting into different routes,
going different directions that were
less
watched.
I don't know how else to
describe it; I guess that's how I'd say
that.
So,
we were praying for that last night, and
that was the major prayer focus the Lord
had us on last night—praying for
a kink in this, to stop this
trafficking of young people.
The Lord is... I'm telling you, there's
judgment coming on this, and the Lord is
shaking America,
shaking the nations.
And so, I'm going to continue to
pray for that, but that was what we were
praying for last night. Then, the
Lord had us praying for PTSD
over abuse,
war,
law enforcement, and so on. I saw people
having
electroshock
therapy that people were
trying to resort to,
to
stop these
episodes, whatever
is
going on with these
individuals.
The Lord said they were
there,
but He said, "I'm going to set
them free.
I paid the price for them to walk in
victory over these episodes that they're
having
night and day.
It's
torment."And
then I saw some of it was related to
testosterone,
concerning hormone imbalances.
Some of the depression and some of the
things they are going through with
this were due to a lack of testosterone.
And the Lord said, "Pray
for it."And I saw things going on with
men's testicles, and the Lord said to me
last night that there were things
attached to hormones in our foods
that are depleting men's testosterone,
raising estrogen, and causing hormone
imbalances. And the Lord said, "Pray for
the pituitary gland.
Pray for the pituitary
gland."Now,
I'm not a doctor; I'm just telling
you what I hear,
okay? So, if that's off, don't throw
stones at me. I'm doing the best I
can with what I know. I
heard
"pituitary gland,"and the Lord
said, "Pray for it—a
calcification."Now,
I don't know what that means:
a calcification
of the pituitary gland. How?
I don't know.
But there's something with the water,
with
fluoride,
that is affecting the pituitary gland
in the mind. Is that right?
I don't know; this is what I'm hearing.
But I
prayed
over the pituitary gland. I could see it
in the brain—it's small, and it was
being calcified by fluoride in
the
water. And the Lord said, "The water is
tainted."I
was seeing this, but I
didn't relay it.
This is causing hormone imbalances
with estrogen, with the thyroid,
with the testicles, and messing with
the ovaries. And as I saw in this
woman's uterus,
I saw by the spirit of the Lord, a demon,
because she had had an abortion,
latch onto her uterus, and she wasn't
able to have a baby.
And there was a demonic spirit that was
blocking her from getting pregnant
because she had an abortion back when
she was young. And she desired to have a
baby now with her husband. And it was
causing a rift between her husband and
her. She had a fear of having a
miscarriage time and time again
because she had opened a door through the sin
of having an abortion.
And the Lord said it is a demonic
spirit that is attached to the uterus
and to the ovaries. And I saw the demon
grabbing a hold of them and it was
causing her to have miscarriages time
and time again. So she had anxiety
about
trying to get pregnant because the husband
wants a child. He wants a son
and is not able to have a son because
she
has miscarriages,
and he was resenting her because
of
hormone imbalance and these things of
the demonic spirit. And the Lord said, 'Take
authority over that.'So I saw in
her right side that devil let go of
her ovary and the other side was
blocked.
Now I'm just telling you what I saw.
Now you say, 'Brandon, you sound like
you are on something.'I'm just telling
you what I saw.
But the Lord wants to set these people
free
and he wants their marriage to be
strong. And the Lord said, 'Repent of
having an abortion
and tell that devil to vacate your soulish
realm
concerning your
body.'I've
seen people have a spirit of
infirmity
and they get the devil cast out of them
and they get free
from things that were like
deaf ears. I've seen Billy Burke grab a
hold of their ears and tell them, 'Be thou
loosed.'And
he tells the devil of
deafness
to get out of there, and it
pops and they hear.
I guess that's similar to the
ovaries.
And so I'm learning,
but I saw it and I was like, I've never seen
anything like that. But
it looked like a little gremlin.
And so we believe in God that that lady
is going to have a baby after everything
and everything is going to be all right.
God's going to be a restorer of what
the cankerworm
is eating up and what the devil meant
for bad, he's going to turn it around
for good in your favor.
People make mistakes.
People make bad decisions.
But you're not big enough to derail
your life.
No matter how bad your decisions were
with abortions or whatever, God can turn
it around if you give it to him and say,
'God, I
repent.'He
is faithful and just to forgive us of
our sins and cleanse us of all
unrighteousness. He's not up there
beating us. He's up there saying, 'Come
to me.
Come to me all ye that are heavy
laden and I'll give you
rest.'I
want to bless you today. I want to
love on you. I'm a God that is a
forgiving God. I'm not mad at you.
And many people think that they've done
the unpardonable sin. Well,
God's never going to forgive that;
abortion is something that God's never
going to forgive. But I'm going to tell
you, God will forgive everything.
The only thing that he said he won't
forgive you is if you blaspheme the Holy
Ghost.
So,
you know what
I say? Just put it on the altar. 'Hey
Jesus, thank you Lord.
Thank you, Lord, that you're my
forgiver.
You forgive me.
I shouldn't have done it. I messed up. I
had an abortion. I did this. God, I ask
you to forgive
me.'And
it's over.
As far as the east is from the west,
he's taken your sins from you. He's not
up there mad at you anymore. He never
was mad. I'm sure he was
sad, but he's not up there going, 'I'm
gonna...'God's
not a vengeful God.
Seriously, God is a God of love
and he loves you
and he paid the price for you to walk in
victory.
And so we are praying for that. We are
praying for the soldiers.
We are praying for
President Trump.
And so I think that was basically it,
wasn't it, son? Yes.
So, okay. So, that was last night's
video. So, those of you who say,
'Brandon, I don't have time to spend all
this time praying with you. Can you give
me a highlight?'That's
the highlights.
All right. So, let's go over some of the
news articles because Braden works hard,
right? Tell me what's going on, son.
And then you have this. Okay, we have
this.
I want to say
this as a precaution. I am not a financial
advisor.
And all of this is in my opinion. Even
what
I'm telling you I see by the
spirit of the Lord, it's in my opinion
of what I believe the Lord is showing
me. I am not a financial advisor. I'm
not some kind of... whatever you...
there's so many people try to label me.
I'm just Brandon
and I am not here to give financial
advice.
This is for your entertainment
purposes only. You know, I say that and
this right here, I want to show you
about Japan and what the Lord has showed
us, or what we believe in my opinion,
about
Japan being a forerunner with crypto
and that they would be the Sooners and
they would come out. The Lord said they
will
come out first before
America with their Clarity Act and
declare things. And so I saw South
Korea, Japan. Okay. So, Japan will
recognize
foreign crypto stable coins as legal
payment methods starting June 1st.
The world's fourth largest economy just
legalized stable coins. The Sooners.
And people go, 'What is the
Sooners?'The
Boomer
schooners.
It's OU.
They come out every time we make a
touchdown. But the Sooners were the
ones in the 89er land run in Oklahoma
when they did the land run. They were
the ones that stole and took the land
first. They did not wait for
the land run at 12 noon.
When they shot the gun in the air
and everybody rode off in their wagons
to take the land, which was
controversial,
the Sooners were ones that went out
before and staked their claim
illegally.
So the Lord called
them—and
I'm not saying Japan is illegally,
but it's a metaphor—they're the
Sooners.
So here they are.
Japan's FSA recognizes foreign
issued
stable coins as e-payment instruments.
Ain't
that neat? Japan FSA opens
qualified path for foreign trust
type stable coins under new payment
rules
on June 1st.
Blow the
trumpet.
Japan officially recognized foreign
issued
crypto stable coins as
legal electronic payment methods
starting June 1st. There it is again.
They're all excited about it.
Let's blow the trumpets.
So, is anything out there about South
Korea yet?
We don't know.
I don't know. Do you?
All right. Not yet. So,
here comes Putin. He goes and he tries
to flex. He's there in China now. Now,
him and Xi Jinping are having their
meeting and he's like, 'Let me see what
kind of friendship I have with him
instead of Trump because Trump goes home and
here comes
Putin.'And
he's like, 'Hey, roll out the red
carpets.'They're
all waving their flags
for him now. And they're like, 'Man, so
those people have been busy.
Those flag waivers are real busy. They
were
with
Trump. Now he's with Putin.
So let's see what kind of favor that
Putin gets over Trump.
Interesting, huh? Because this is America.'No. 'This is
America.'Yeah,
that's President
Trump. I'll show you
the other one.
'You're so
funny.''Well,
it looks like
President Trump had more flag
trailers.''Well,
they're saying
that Putin had a
better foreign minister or some kind of
minister that was waiting for him than
Trump.'Okay.
So, he had a better minister
waiting for him than Trump.
So, Russia's president arrives in China
today for talks with Chinese leader Xi
Jinping
and signs nearly 40
corporate documents.
Russia.
And then
you want to do that.
What's the bear doing? Got to watch the
bear and the dragon or the bear and the
panda. All right. Keep going, son. Let's
go.
Yeah. I want to show you.
Can we see the nuke on the 16th? What
went off? Yes. Do you have that? Yes.
You can't probably play Benny Johnson's
clip that you showed me.
Yeah.
Okay. So, did anybody... Now, this didn't
make media from what I
understand, but there was some kind of
nuclear explosion, like it looks like a
massive bomb in Jerusalem two nights
ago.
And nobody even really talked about it.
It was ginormous.
It went up
like a mushroom cloud. Look
at that.
They felt it
a long way away.
But that is not a normal bomb. Where?
What? Who did that? And what was that?
That is a massive something. Do you
remember? I saw
a black rocket coming up out of the
mountain
and I told you I saw three scientists
and I saw the leader in that black
head just talking to a man with a white
beard and he said, "Is it time for the
Mahdi to come?
Is this Islamic prophecy? Is it time?
Can we bring this forth by striking
Israel?"I
saw a weapon—you don't have to
keep playing it—I saw a weapon
that was in the ground that America
didn't know they had, or we do know they
have that—I don't know. But it was
like
Hiroshima,
the same strength the Lord said as
Hiroshima, what happened with
the atom bomb in Japan.
I saw it on a black rocket
and the scientist—I hear him
in English—he said, "We only have one,
but it's never been tested.
We have one
and we believe it will work, but it's
never been
tested."And
I saw them getting ready and
preparing to use this on Jerusalem,
and they were going to strike Israel
with it.
Then they were going to use
chemical warfare
like mustard gas. It
was bad stuff that made boils on your
skin and you convulse and break your
backbone and start vomiting profusely
and you died instantaneously. I saw this;
it melted your skin. It was a
horrific death,
but it was something that was with
chemical weapons and it was coming out
of
the
Damascus area.
The Lord warned and said this attack
will be worse than the one that happened
on October
7th,
if I'm correct. Maybe it was the
3rd,
but I think it was the
7th.
October 7th;
it was worse than October 7th, a
surprise attack that happens at night.
Then I saw
Benjamin
be taken out,
as
I told you.
And so the Lord said, "You got to
pray,"because
I saw he did not want a two-state
solution.
And they were bringing in somebody who
did,
trying to divide Jerusalem.
And I saw this plan. I saw this
darkness coming. And the Lord said, "You
must
pray."And
that's why I'm telling
you, when I saw this I thought, "Is that
the weapon that I saw?"And I thought, "No,
this is not it. This
thing looked bigger.
This thing had to be bigger; it was a
bigger explosion."And if it were so, Iran
would be taking credit for this. I just
thought maybe it was a mess-up. I
don't know, it's just very strange
because
it's not talked about. What is that?
So Benny Johnson did an amazing job on
it. Other clips Braden's not
playing...
and out of hotel rooms, people
were
watching and they said it was hot.
Do you have any of those, son? No, I
don't have that. I have the
storm.
Okay, now next clip, next thing. We got
to move quick. We're already late
tonight.
Well, I don't know. You
surprised
me.
Okay. So, President
Trump,
it was the calm before the storm.
So, President Trump keeps putting
cartoons on his social media.
He looks good like that with this
Make America Great hat,
but he's in the Navy and
those
are Navy destroyers from
there?
Yeah, that's their flag on there. That's
interesting.
I wonder why they have boats still on
the ground. We've taken all those out.
Must be an old picture. I wonder if it's
old.
I think it was like two days ago, three days
ago. Okay.
And now whenever I told you
I saw space wars,
I saw major satellites attacking other
satellites in space with lasers.
It's similar to what happened in Hawaii.
Why they had blue roofs,
why everybody had blue roofs and the
people who had blue roofs, their houses
didn't burn up.
He's talking about this stuff.
Pretty out there, huh?
Space Force.
What's coming?
See how they're striking asteroids.
I said, "The asteroids, these rocks
will travel so fast that they'll have to
hit them with a green laser."It was
green and it came out of the Gulf of
America, out of the
Louisiana area,
Texas. And I saw it was a laser that came
out and it hits this rock.
People said, "Brandon,
do you see Wormwood in that?"I saw two
different rocks.
I told you I saw two hands
smashed
together
and it plowed across America
that looked like gauze hanging down on
skeleton fingers similar to
Scrooge.
Do you remember? Of course,
everybody watched Scrooge,
with the
Ghost of Christmas Future.
It looked like the black cloak of death
smashing his hands on the Seattle area and
he plowed across the area
by Portland and Seattle right in the
middle.
And so I was thinking, does this
represent—and
I don't want to add to or take away
from anything—but I saw
about this area, praying over this area.
It looked like that devil right here.
Show
them
this one. Yes.
See? See his hand? He's creepy.
And smashed his hands and went across
that area
between Portland and Seattle.
And British Columbia was a part of it.
So, I believe that could represent an
earthquake
because the Lord has already spoken to
us several times about an earthquake
hitting that area and it would be a
devastation in British Columbia. I saw
30,000 people pass away in major
buildings in British Columbia. And I saw
a separation when this takes place of
them leaving Canada and trying to join
America
because of being
financially
destitute, because of finances being
really shaken. Now,
I think I've seen Canada leave and
them trying to fight to leave. They
don't like
Mark
Carney. Yeah, Carney.
Okay.
And the other was I thought it was
interesting when I brought up Ford
Motor Company last night.
I didn't realize there was another
person saying, "Hey Brandon,
Ford didn't take the bailouts last time;
the other auto industry
did."But
when I saw
what's coming with the car market
concerning trucks—F-150s being too
expensive, people weren't buying
them—the
car market was in trouble.
I saw them asking for a bailout that
they didn't get. This is what I
was
obviously seeing. $24
billion.
Ford was asking for
help.
They didn't get the bailout last time,
but they were asking for a bailout
coming.
And I saw them asking for $24 billion
for a government stimulus. "Help us.
Our car industry is in
trouble."Now,
when is this? I don't know.
It could be years, it could be six months.
I have no
idea. I don't want to add to or take
away from anything of when I saw this
taking place. I said it's coming.
This is what I saw coming in the days
ahead. Could it be five years? Could it be
two?
I don't know.
So, don't go, "Brandon, you said it was
coming."Well,
I don't know. I'm just
telling you what I saw.
So,
I saw Chevrolet and
GMC asking for help, too.
"Hey, we want part of that.
Help us out. Give us some money,
too."So,
I thought it was interesting.
What else?
Anything else?
Okay, now this is
interesting to me. Now, CNN—I do not
like CNN—but this is them.
While President Trump is
actively trying to force them into a
deal that is good for America, CNN is
showcasing how Iranians
are supposedly all pro-regime
and preparing to take up arms. So,
they're training little boys how to
assemble an AK-47.
You want to play it?
Sorry.
Yeah, that's that bomb, son.
It sounds weird.
Okay. How long is this?
Okay. Here we go. I got it.
It's still Trump and the
battleship.
I had to find
escalating threats from the White House.
Ordinary Iranians are now being urged to
prepare for war. Right.
Well,
these rallies or gatherings
have been taking place every single
night for the past several
weeks. And so, they're not new. But what
is new is the introduction of weapons.
And these kiosks have been set up in
each of these squares where
members of the military there—you can see
them with masks on—they're showing
people, in this case a woman, the basic
skills of how to use what I think is
an AK-47 or a Kalashnikov and things
like that. Look over here. They're
showing children how to
use them as well. It's all part of a
state-sponsored
call to arms in case the war begins
again.
It's all guns on state television, too.
Several Iranian channels
are
broadcasting their hosts brandishing
assault rifles.
'They gave me a weapon so I could learn
how to use it like you,'this anchor
tells her viewers.
After his on-air training, this
presenter fires off a round into the
studio ceiling.
But not all Iranians are gunning for a
fight.
Just around the corner from the rally,
hints at the
diversity.
It's
a very different atmosphere in this part
of town. People are sitting with
their partners, having coffees,
strolling around the bookstores, or just
hanging out with their friends..
People,
you
get
very different views as well. People
didn't want to talk on camera, but
off camera, one said
to me,
'.'Another said
she wanted to live in a normal
world
where there was a potential future
for her children.
But Iran's future to many Iranians
looks increasingly clear, especially
amid regular threats from President
Trump.
Waiting for the war. We're waiting. We
are here because we know this war isn't
over. We know he's not
going to negotiate anything. He's just
going to be like,
they're not even trained soldiers.
They're
women up there. They're going
to take up arms and they're going to just
push them out front and be
slaughtered
if it happens that way. That's terrible.
Now, listen to this.
The Senate just passed a bill against
Trump and wartime power
today,
and they're limiting him on how much
power he has concerning
this Iran war.
What did the Lord show us about this?
I saw Trump would be limited in the days
ahead
and that Israel would have to finish the
job.
And they used a missile that had a
ball at the end of it that looked
like it had eyes. And there were octagons.
And all these octagons looked like they
had eyes on this missile that was black
and white that went out, and it was a
ball at the end of it that was round
when it shot off that looked like it
was able to have
octopus-like
tentacles.
Now, I don't know what that was, but I
saw weapons, and the Lord said,
'Weapons that have never been used before
are coming from
Israel.'And
I saw the mountain glowing
where I'm seeing this
uranium, plutonium, whatever it is, like in 'Back
to
the
Future.'Uranium.
And the Lord said, 'The mountain
will glow.'And I saw it glowing. It was
only in that mountain. But it was not
America; it was Israel.
America was not able to; Israel did it.
Now, the US Senate advises measures to limit
Trump's Iran war powers.
Louisiana Senator Bill Cassidy joins
three other Republican lawmakers
in supporting the measure.
So we had Republicans turn on him
today. Four of them,
from what I understand,
trying to say, 'We ain't doing this no
more.'So
the senators are turning their backs
on Trump to try to block him from
doing anything else,
which is probably going to make
him
absolutely
furious, I'm sure.
It's
symbolic and unlikely to become law.
Advancing the
resolution is a sign of growing
frustration with the war. Now, will they
do it? I don't know. So, do you think
they're going to block it, Braden? What
do you all think? Tell me. Do you think
that they're going to end up making it
where Trump can't make these decisions?
Tell me in the comments down below. Do
you think that they're going to end up
blocking him
and saying,
'We're not going to allow you to do this
anymore. We're calling you back home.
Cuba's next.'Well, what happens
with all this? I'm curious where
everybody's at with that. I saw Israel
finishing the job.
So, let's see what happens.
Do you remember, Braden? Yes, I
remember that. I say Israel
finishes the job. America will not.
We will save face trying to inject the
economy with a great stimulus. And I
saw a
stimulus
being passed around for
households underneath $150,000,
saying, 'Listen, if you make this
amount, we're going to give you a
certain amount of money for your
household,'trying
to get people to be
excited.
But let's see what happens.
The
US Senate advises a resolution to curb
Trump's power to wage war on Iran.
It's interesting to me.
So I believe that's where we are.
So we will continue to pray for
President Trump. We will pray for
President Trump and the peace that
passes all understanding over Jerusalem,
over
all the things that we know to keep
doing. Standing in the gap, praying for
our nation, praying for revival. These
are
the main things I was
thinking about today as I was taking
care of the kids and doing things and
helping out with Diana.
I said, 'Lord,
we always talk about revival and we
always reflect on John
G. Lake and Smith Wigglesworth and that
was not our generation.
Kathryn Kuhlman kind of was,
and Oral Roberts, and Jack Coe, and
William Branham and
them.
We see, we hear, and we have
videos on YouTube that we reflect
on
and go, 'Wow,'but I'm so tired of
talking about the past.
As much as I honor those people and I go,
'Wow, it would have been really cool to be
there.'What
about today and what about now?
I said, 'Lord, what about today?'I'm
sitting here
trying to find old things
from Kathryn Kuhlman to feed on today
before I did my broadcast,
listening to old tent
revivals from Oral Roberts and just
feeding on the past and going, 'Man, when's
our
time?'And
there has to be our time.
I truly believe we're about to see the
greatest harvest of souls this world has
ever seen before. But it's not going to
be something that we've seen before. He's
going to do something that's never been
seen before. Behold, he's going to do
something new.
But I told the Lord, I said, 'I don't
want to focus on what people that are old,
that
have passed on, that are no longer
here, did. I want to see something new in
this generation.
I want to see it with my sons, with my
daughters, with the youth
of this generation, with our young
people.
God, pour out your spirit one more time.
Cause a major revival to flow over
America. You said you were not done with
America.'And
this is not a revival
where
we go, 'Well, we rededicated America back
to God.'I don't care about America being
back to God; I want the church of
America to be rededicated without
this lukewarm church that I see.
When
you
visit a church and you walk away not
feeling
stirred up,
not feeling that you've got what it
takes to conquer the week. When you walk
away and you go, 'Well, that was a real
good little whatever,'and you had some
beautiful praise and worship because
you've
got paid
musicians up there that are getting
paid some of them almost six
figures playing up there because they're
trained
musicians that are
in it for the money
and everything. I know a man's
worthy of his hire, I'm not trying to
always criticize, but I'm wanting to
really emphasize: where is the true
Holy Ghost church
where we see the power of God flow
through the auditorium and people
delivered from demonic oppression and
possession and the spirit of the Lord
heals
them from the top of their head to
the soles of their feet?
It's a fire shut up in my bones.
And I hear some people when we talk
to—because
I love the South Koreans, they're
some of the most beautiful-hearted
praying people. I mean, my goodness,
they're good folks. I love my South
Korean channel.
And it's amazing what the Lord has
done over in South Korea with the
people. They're so hungry.
And
I just look for the authentic.
And then some of them say,
'Braden,
we're experiencing that
here.'We're
experiencing it in Africa; there
are
parts of Africa where we're experiencing
that. We get the emails. We're seeing
revival. We're seeing this.
Are you all not seeing anything like
that? People are being raised from the
dead. People are being healed.
Blind
eyes are opening. We're seeing those
things. Are you not seeing that in
America?
I said,
'No, I don't think so.
I don't see it in the circle we're in.
But if it is happening, I want to be a
part of it.
I know I see some miracles that my friend,
Billy Burke—he has healing
services—but
it's not like what I want to
see:
Acts chapter 2—raise the dead, walking
on water. I mean, you know, I want to
see some of that.
I love it when people get healed of
cancer and people's eyes get opened. It's
amazing. Never lose your awe of God,
but I'm wanting creative miracles: arms
growing out, eyes popping back in, ears
that weren't there, appendages that were
not there coming back like the
disciples.'And
people are saying, 'Brandon, we're
having that over here.'And I thought,
'What do we get to take in America? How
do we have
that?'I
am on a mission.
I was cleaning out my garage and
blowing out the leaves from
the winter and doing things, and the
Lord
stirred in my
spirit: 'What does it take to see the
dead raised when you need to see it
raised?
When you see somebody you
love die
or they're not here anymore and you
know that there's Lazarus
moments coming,
that though you were dead yet shall you
live.'When
there's an anointing that needs to
be pulled on and you see desperation in
someone's eyes, is it there to
bring forth the miracle that they're
believing for, to pull on that
anointing?
What does it take?
And I go over things that I hear my
elder generals talk about, like Billy and
Billy, both
Billies,
and they talk about the sufferings
and sharing His
suffering and the greater glory
and things that are attached to it.
And I just go, 'Lord, show me.
What is the switch
to flip on the light in the darkness,
that Your light is shining on our
face like Moses,
that when they see us, we're
wall-to-wall Holy Ghost?'But it's not
just something that we confess and we're
parroting something, but it's actual
manifestation
that when we walk in the room, the
shadow touches and they're healed and
they rise up and walk.
When the anointing that was on the
disciples is tangible on
us
and it's not something that we just
experience once, but we walk in it on a
day-to-day basis.
What is it that takes that? Is it
the persecution? Because when I was praying
for Africa
and we were on here praying and we
saw the people of Nigeria, I believe
it was, and I saw their flag, and the
Lord said, 'The greater the persecution,
the greater the anointing.
The greater the persecution, the
greater the presence and the power and
the glory comes with the
anointing.
For these sufferings bring forth the
greater
glory.'When
Paul and
Silas... Peter was in the prison, and then
you have these moments
where the church prayed
and they interceded and they were able
to get the gates opened.
They were able, with guards on both sides
watching over them in the middle of the
prison. And they didn't want, because they
knew that they had some kind of
supernatural ability
and they had been assigned these
guards on both sides. And Peter's
asleep
knowing that tomorrow he's going to die.
I don't know about you, but if I get
some kind of bad report, it's hard
to sleep sometimes. You go,
'Oh, man,'because your mind's running.
But you have so much confidence and
you're so fully persuaded that you're in
the prison
and you're snoring and an
angel has to wake you up:
'Get up!
Get up!'But the prayers of the
saints—why
we have this channel—the prayers
of the early church had
enough to get the guards knocked out,
open the prison door,
open the gate, and get him free.
What kind of prayer, what kind of
intercession does it take to open a
gate?
A supernatural opening of the gate?
What kind of prayer does it take to open
the prison door?
When someone's wrongly being accused in
these last days, what kind of prayer
does it take for a church to bring forth
just a little revival and some fire in
your church?
That it's not church usual, it's
church unusual.
And that's what I'm just like,
because
the Lord said, 'What
are you looking for?'I said,
'I'm looking for more.
I'm not satisfied with the status quo. I
am
so done with church usual.
I want church unusual.
I want to see fire shut up in my bones.
I want to see what Oral
Roberts saw. And I want to see and
experience more than what Kathryn
Kuhlman experienced.
If not,
I said, if not, then why not? Why not me?
Why then? What? You know, Lord, I
know they went through things. I know
I've been through some things, but Lord,
what turns on that
switch?
Because the only thing that's ever going to
change America
is whenever the sons and the daughters,
us,
become who we're called to be and rise
up and stop trying to just always pray
for revival, but let revival start with
us
and say, 'Here am I, Lord. Send
me.'But
don't send me with no power.
I want them to marvel at the ignorance
of Brandon Biggs. Whenever he speaks, they
go, 'He has been with
Jesus.'There's
something different about him.
Why? It's not about giving glory to
Brandon, but there's something different
about what's on that man. And it's
Jesus.
Because he had been with Jesus.
They marveled because they knew they
were unlearned and ignorant men. But
they knew they had been with Jesus.
How'd they know that? Because the glory
was there.
The manifested presence was there.
Because when God shows up on the scene,
He changes the atmosphere.
And when you go into a church and the
atmosphere is dull, like touching a cold
stove,
and it's week after week...
I'm not trying to pick at
the church I used to work for, but week
after week you go into a
church and you go,
'I work here. I get a check here, but it
is dead as touching a cold
stove.'And
yet people are getting blessed by
it because
you've
got somebody playing some good
music or whatever
sermons. Okay.
But I go, 'Why are we playing
church?'God
came to save and set the captives
free.
'I come to save that which was
lost.'And
now in Acts 4, this is my
favorite: 'Now when they saw the
boldness
of Peter and John, and perceived that
they were unlearned and ignorant men,
they marveled and took knowledge of them
that they had been with
Jesus.'It's
not just being with Him one time.
It's being with Him day after day,
sitting at His feet and
having a relationship with Him. I
told you more people would go home.
James Robison went home yesterday.
We have more generals going home.
And the Lord said there will be a
changing of the guard, a passing of the
baton in the days ahead. And you're going to
see
the
major generals that have been in the
past start to transition home.
He said, 'I'm raising up new voices. I'm
raising up a new generation. I'm raising
up new generals
to those that I've called that say,
"Yes, here am I, Lord, send
me."You're
the
closers.'They
had their time and this generation
is
going to start to go home.
And the Lord said, 'You're going to see
more and more of it through the
summer.'We
just had another one,
a
third one: Marilyn Hickey, Joni, and
now
Pat—and
I
only
say, 'Well, who's
next?'I
don't know.
But there are going to be more
transitions.
I saw certain major ministries
going home. Some of them huge,
huge ministries. And it will get world
attention.
Huge. And Pat Robertson was a huge
ministry.
Joni, I mean, they're all pretty... they
were all pretty big
ministries."Marilyn
Hickey, all of them.
So, we see a transition.
When people step out and go home,
there's a void. One needs to rise up.
Will you be that person?
They're up there rooting for us right
now.
Their
cloud of witnesses say, 'Will
you help finish the race?
Don't let the baton drop. Keep running
with this end-time
army.'And
I know there's more going home
soon. The Lord said it; He told me. He
said specific ones to me, and I've
never—don't
make that public.
So I just want to stir you up today to
not
give up on your dreams of what
God's called you to do just because you
didn't see it manifest in the first
years of when you thought it should.
God knows when you're able to handle it,
and when the time is, and when
it's time for you to rise up and be who
you need to be.
Humble yourself. Even if it's to say,
'Hey, I'm going to go volunteer at a
church and be a janitor.
Do whatever it takes to get the gospel
out.'Diana,
we were talking about
it when we worked at the church. The guest
speaker
usually gets the most praise.
They get in late, they leave early.
The janitor, like me—I was cleaning the
bathrooms until sometimes 1:00 or 2:00 in
the morning after the service. You
go
in there and it's dark.
It's like crickets,
and you set up the chairs, you vacuum
the aisles, you're making sure all the
diapers are cleaned out of the
nurseries,
and you do that
time and time again—the least thanked
position.
But without that janitor, without that
offering counter, without the usher,
without the greeter, without the parking
lot attendant,
without the nursery worker,
that guest speaker or whoever it was for
the revival couldn't have gotten the
job done the way they did.
Because
if the bathrooms were stinky,
the floors had urine on them, somebody
just took a dump all over the stool,
you've
got all this nasty stuff going on,
and you're going, 'This is the
stinkiest bathroom I ever walked
in,'and
you go, 'I don't even want
to go into that church and listen to
this
guy.'Don't
ever underestimate the importance
of who you are
and how you bring forth the atmosphere
for that person to receive what Jesus is
about to speak through that
speaker. Your part was just as important
as the speaker's was.
And I remember setting up the chairs,
cleaning up the vomit
when somebody wrote poo on the
wall,
wipe their booty on my wall and
write it out in
numbers—'poo'or
whatever they want to say, just
being disgusting with their feces,
doing some of the most
filthy, vile things I've ever seen in a
bathroom.
I cleaned it for 15 years of my life.
And I remember every single time going
home and thinking, 'Man, I just wanted
to make it where if they came in and it
smelled good,
if they walked into the bathroom and it
didn't smell like
stuff
or nurseries or whatever and their kids
didn't go home sick and they said,
"Our
kids always come to church and
play on the church equipment and they're
always leaving with a cold or a virus
because they spread it around."'I kept
even the church
nursery toys clean with bleach and
whatever, making sure they didn't spread
viruses around during flu season.
Always trying to think outside the box.
If my kid was in here,
how do you make sure that the virus
from these flu bugs kids are passing
around
stays out?
Always going the extra mile,
making it so if you don't show up,
they're going to notice.
And there's many of you that may do
that right now at your church. And I'm
telling you, it's all hands on deck.
Never ever take your position of what
God's called you to do lightly.
For if it wasn't for people like you,
the job wouldn't be done as effective as
it should have been.
And I'm trying to tell you right now, the
same reward that the person's
going to get up there preaching with the
fire—you
think, 'Oh boy, they've got
it all
made'—man,
great is the reward of those that do
what we've done.
The person who counts the offerings, the
person who makes sure the bills are
paid
so that the lights are on when they
showed up,
making sure the water bill was paid so
the toilet would flush.
Never take for granted what God has
called you to do and do it with all your
heart.
That's what we did and we continue to
do.
I still feel like I'm the janitor. I
still feel like my wife is the
offering counter and the
data entry person, always
behind the scenes trying just to make
it.
Be thankful for where you are and know
that your reward is great when you get
on the other side.
Keep your head up.
And that's my message for what I felt in
my heart tonight.
I said, 'Lord, what is it going to take?
I'm so hungry for authentic.
I'm so hungry, desperate for a true
move of God.'And I'm so tired of
parrots—parrots
on the internet, parrots with
people that just say
something because they heard it from a Jack
Coe
meeting and you look at it and you
go, 'That's truly not who you
are.'And
you are really
fake.
I want to see signs; follow them that
believe.
So, I stay in my little place where
I'm at.
You know, a lot of people invite me to
go do a lot of stuff. I've had some of
the biggest businessmen, some of the
richest people in the United States or
world contact me.
And
I don't know
what to do with some of this. 'What am
I? I'm just Brandon.'They
tell me,
'Brandon, you got to watch
it. You got big politicians watching you
all the
time—senators
and governors and
mayors.'And
I'm like, 'Why?
I'm just
Brandon.'And
I always stay—the Lord always says,
'Stay small in your own eyes. Never get a
big head. Keep your eyes on me,
son. Stay vertical. No matter how much
they persecute you, they're going to
hate you
because they hated me.
They're going to curse you because they
cursed
me.'And
I say,
if that's all you got to deal
with—some
internet trolls, some people who
think they're something, they're
trying to be something—if all
you deal with are some people with
small brains and they want to
criticize all the time because they
aren't
getting anyone saved, they're not
getting anyone healed, they're not doing
anything other than causing a
ruckus and chaos in the
internet community
trying to be
watchdogs and police dogs where they
want to be because they think they're
doing something. All they're doing is
just being trolls. And you look at
them and go,
'Why don't you put your energy into
getting people saved?
We're running out of time.
People are dying and going to hell all
around you.'And people, all they want to
do is criticize and be mean.
Stop being Sister Clipboard and get out
and save that which was lost. We had
over 600 people saved last week.
You don't agree with some of the things
I say? Fine, go watch somebody else.
But at least we're trying
to get people saved,
to get people delivered, to tell them
that their marriage is going to be okay
because the divorce rate is as high as it's
been in years. People are leaving and
getting divorced. We get the emails: 'I
don't want to be with him
anymore.'Why?
'Well, I don't
really have a reason.
I just don't love him
anymore.'Well,
he didn't commit adultery on you.
No. He's not beating you? No, I
just don't love him anymore.
Well, that's not a reason to get a
divorce.
Find what you were in love with before.
How did you get... what was it all
based out of lust and sex and
everything? 'I don't know. We never
had a foundation. It was just always
about physical.'There
are
people that you just listen
to them and you go, 'Find God in your
marriage.
Put God first in your marriage. Pray
together. Read your Bible together.
Take communion together.
Do things
together that stir you up
spiritually.
Listen to a sermon together.
Go on a date.
Hey, let's go out and see
a movie.'Let's
go out and look at
the lake.
But don't give up
on something that is beautiful
just because you say, "Well, I
fell out of love with
them."Find
scripture that pertains to what
you're going through.
Love never fails. Love, love, love. Read
love scriptures all day long; stir up
love inside of you.
But just because you say you fell out of
love with somebody doesn't give you
the grounds to have a divorce just because you say, "I
just don't love him
anymore."Well,
you know, he talks to me bad.
Well, I talk to him bad.
I'm
just trying to tell you all, man, we're
in the last days. It's time to
grow up. We've got to get our
backbone like a crowbar and take this
land or we're losing a
generation and they're all going to
hell.
Look around you.
We're running out of time, church.
But we have all these petty differences.
False prophets. You're this
and
that, and you go, but there's no
real
true evidence of being any false
prophet or whatever. You just
hate.
My main goal is, I've always told you, I
don't believe I'm a prophetic voice. I
told you I am called to pray and to tell
you Jesus Christ is coming
and we're running out of time.
Do yourself a favor and start telling
people Jesus is coming. You don't
believe it? Fine. Then go to hell. I
don't know what else to tell
you.
But I'm at least trying to tell you it's
time to get yourself right.
Does that make sense what I'm saying?
"I don't believe there's heaven and
hell."Well,
then fine.
I don't know what else to tell you.
People want to argue about
flat-earthers and everything else.
Oh,
you wouldn't believe that people
get so ticked off about that. I said,
"I'm never going to agree with you,
but I'm trying to tell you that we can
agree to disagree. Let's walk in
love and keep walking,
but at least we can agree on one thing.
Jesus came to save that which was
lost."All
the other stuff doesn't matter.
I go into Walmart, I go into Chipotle, I
go into these places and you've got
these people that are strung out and
they've
got piercings all over their
face and they're on drugs. I saw one
guy. I had to go to Jiffy Lube and get my
oil changed. He was so high
he couldn't even figure out how to drain
my oil pan.
It took us an hour at a Jiffy Lube to
get my oil changed.
He was so wasted.
And he goes, "Hey man, I'm so sorry,
man."I'm
looking at him
going,
"Dude, you need grace today. Let me pray
for you."But he was
just
wasted. "Hey,
man."I'm
like, "You've
been smoking so much dope. You don't
even know where you are, bro.
But I just want my oil changed.
Do you need
to
check my tire pressure?"I'm thinking,
"Do you even know what tire pressure is
to check, bro?"He's so high.
I think he's going to run into the
wall.
"Let me back your car in for you."I said,
"No, no, I've got it.
I'll
back my own car in. I'm good. I'll
pull it in. Don't worry about it,
bro."I
wanted to go. I think it's time for
me to leave, but I didn't know
what to say.
He checked it. Everything
was good, I guess.
I just trusted. I said, "God,"and I was praying in
the spirit the whole time. Just wasted.
But I'm thinking, why are you so high
like that at work? He's hurting inside.
He needs Jesus.
I've talked too much.
Let's pray.
Braden,
what?
It's the truth.
"Hey, man. Can
you
check your oil, man? Here,
look at your dipstick."He pulls it out and
he pulls up to my window. He goes, "Look
at it, man. Should I put more in there?
Should I put more oil in there, man?
Look at that, man."And I go,
"I don't know. I'm not a guy
that does oil.""Look at it, man.
Look at it."He goes, "Look, I think
you might need a little bit more."And I
was looking at him. I
said,
"I
probably need a little bit more. I
think
it needs it."And he goes, "I'll top it
off."I
go, "Okay,
man."Yeah.
He goes, "All right."And he dips it
down here and he looks. He goes,
"Maybe I went a little bit too heavy on
it. I don't know."I'm looking at it
and he's looking at the dipstick and I'm
like, "Good God, please. It's a
hundred dollars,
man.
I'll
wash
your car for you."You know, I'm
like, "Okay, can I change your tire?
Rotate your tires?""No, not
today. We're
good."It's
the truth.
"Hey,
what are you on,
man?"Sad.
So, but I'm ready for a generation to
taste and see that the Lord is good.
Don't you know
to have that fire shut up in your
bones and the glory of the Lord fill
your heart so that you don't have to smoke
dope to escape your reality of where
you are because you don't like your life?
Jesus Christ paid the price for you to
walk in victory over it.
He is the fullest of all. When you taste
and see just a little bit of the glory
and you feel the manifested presence on
your life, you'll never be the same
again.
Jesus came to set the captives free.
He died for you and he died for me.
And he loves you
and he has a plan for your life.
Father, we just thank you for
the body.
We thank you, Lord, that you died for
every single one of us.
I thank you, Lord, that you came to set
the captives free.
Jesus Christ, we love you.
And we thank you, Lord,
that though you were dead, you rose
again.
Though we could be dead, yet shall we
live.
We're wall to wall, Holy Ghost.
And we're so excited that you're coming
sooner than later.
We worship you. We thank you,
Father, that
we have a mansion
just over the hilltop
in that bright land where we'll never
grow old.
Thank you, Lord.
We take this body.
Thank you, Lord, for the body. We take
this in the name of Jesus. And we
believe that today is our expiration
date for what we've been going
through.
That we don't have to keep living it anymore
because
Jesus paid the price for us to
walk in victory over it. Thank you,
Lord.
Now, Lord, we take the blood. We make
much of the blood and the blood makes
much of us. We thank you, Lord, that we
are covered by the blood. Father,
through
any visions, anything you want to
show me tonight, if there's anything, we
yield to you, Lord. And we thank you,
Lord. We hear your voice and a
stranger's voice we will not follow.
We thank you, Lord, that with boldness
and
authority
we rise up and proclaim that Jesus
Christ is Lord and he's coming back
sooner than we think.
Thank you, Lord, for the blood that
covers us and it never loses its power,
uninterrupted and unhindered by any
satanic or demonic force. We plead the
blood over us in Jesus'name and we thank
you, Lord. I apply the blood over this
room and we send
angels from the north, the south, the
east, and the west. We have angels and we
thank you, Lord, in
Jesus'name.
I've got a mansion
just over the hilltop
in that bright land where
we'll never grow old.
And someday
we'll nevermore wander
but walk on streets that are pure as
gold.
I love that. It's
coming.
It's coming.
You better get your heart right.
You better get ready.
If you don't know Jesus Christ, you
better know him.
I've got a mansion
just over the hilltop
in that bright land
where
we'll never grow old. Think about that.
You're never going to grow old.
You'll never have to have plastic
surgery again, ladies. You'll never have
to have Botox, ladies. You go
up
there and say, "I don't have to have
Botox anymore."You don't have to
go and get your face soaked up. You're
going to be perfect.
Why? Because you'll have your glorified body
and you can say, "In that bright
land where we'll never grow old, no more
makeup."And
someday
yonder
we'll nevermore wander
but walk on streets that are pure as
gold.
They're the purest gold;
not some
bad gold
but transparent gold. So much
beauty.
I'm telling you. Oh my
goodness. Because we've got a mansion.
You say, "Well, I've got a trailer right
now."But
guess what? I've got a mansion
just over the hilltop
in that bright land where
we'll never grow old.
And someday
yonder
we'll nevermore wander
but walk on streets that are pure as
gold.
Thank you, Father,
that you prepare a place for us.
Thank you, Father, that we're getting so
close to the end of the end.
You know, I've talked about this before
and he said, "Say it
again."The
day the rapture takes
place—there's
people that don't believe in it, but
that's fine.
When it happens, I saw the
supper; I saw the tables. The Lord—one day
I was praying.
I said, "What are you working
on?
What are
you
doing right now?"You know, just being
personal with him. And he said to me,
"We're having parade
practice."I
said, "You're having
parade
practice?"And
he allowed me to see the parade, that
there is a major parade that
they're going to have for us when we
come home.
And I saw the people with banners in
their hands and the streets of gold. I
could see the old English style homes,
and they had their different
era of outfits on, reflecting
the
decade or generation they were in.
But they had their banners that
said "King of Kings and Lord of
Lords"on
these banners that were draped with
purple and gold, and they were most
beautiful. And I could see streamers and
things flowing in there. And I could
hear the people in the crowd saying as
Jesus was riding his white horse,
the bridle of the horse was in jewels
and sapphires and diamonds and rubies,
and it was gold and it was all in this
horse's mouth. And it was the most
beautiful
bridle and saddle and whatever it was.
You know how you have a horse,
right? The horse bridle
was gorgeous, full of diamonds and
jewels and all this beautiful stuff
ready for the coming of this parade.
Jesus was on the back of that horse and
they were riding and the people were in
the streets: "For he is good and his
mercy endures forever;
for the Lord, he is good and his mercy
endures forever."And they were
celebrating the
parade
as they were having parade practice, and
there was confetti and there
were
beautiful things falling in the air.
I don't know how it was being stirred
up because, you know, here gravity just
pulls everything down, but this was all
just being stirred up by some kind of
supernatural something.
And Jesus was riding his horse, but
there were other people riding with him
alongside
and I could see them getting ready for
this; they were all on the
side of the road and there
were
beautiful things taking place
in this celebration of
our
coming.
And there was a marriage supper. I saw tables
that had name tags on them.
I saw trees that had beautiful tinsel
and lights that were not powered by
electricity,
but there was no darkness.
But there were like twinkle lights in
these trees that look like weeping
willows and oak trees that were over the
tops of these massive tables. Some had
chopsticks.
Some had beautiful fine china.
There were flower arrangements that were
the most beautiful flower arrangements I
had
ever seen,
all waiting at this table with
these
white beautiful lace linen
cloths.
It was beautiful—the white linen that
went as far as I could see.
At
tables around me were people
that I knew
on the name tags,
but some of the plates were lilies,
transparent, beautiful glass lily plates.
That's what was on my name tag.
It
had a beautiful lily because I love flowers.
But some of it was the
most beautiful china.
Some of it, like I said, was what
you were used to in your culture. It had
chopsticks
that
were not all silverware like
what you use at a fine
restaurant.
Some people didn't have that
because
that's not what they used on the
earth,
but it was what was in your culture.
And I could see all of the name tags on
the plates and everything was perfectly
designed for you.
Mine was a lily.
And I could see that plate and I was so
excited to know that Jesus is preparing
a party for us and a great celebration
when we come home,
for
the rapture of the church. We're
all going to gather at the marriage
feast. And it was beautiful.
The trees were so beautiful.
I don't know if it's in
shifts—you
know, like some people eat one time,
maybe you eat at five
o'clock and
I eat at seven. I don't know.
I know there are millions of people going
to be eating,
but I saw tables as far as I could
see and a banquet that was being set up
for you and me.
I could see a castle up on the hill
as I was able to see this beautiful
castle. And it was across the
bridge—this
beautiful bridge with a brook with
living water and the water was singing.
It was the most beautiful
water singing
coming through this area and I could see
the golden streets and the bridge and I
could see a massive castle with
beautiful vines growing on
it.
You know, he said he'd give you
the
desires of your heart.
What's your biggest heart's desire?
When I saw that and I saw what was
happening
and what is getting prepared for us with
the banquet,
you don't want to miss out on it.
If your name's not written in the Lamb's
Book of Life,
you're making the biggest mistake you
could ever make.
He prepares a place for you.
He's prepared a table before you in the
presence of your enemies. Psalms 91,
Psalms 23. Think about what the Lord has
done. He has provided so much that we
walk through the valley of the shadow of
death and we fear no evil.
And there are so many of you that are
riding the fence between heaven and
hell.
And you think you're all in, but your heart
is
so far from him. You may think
you know him, but does he know you?
If you were to die tonight, where would
you spend eternity?
There's a heaven to gain and a hell to
shun, ladies and gentlemen. And tonight
might be your last opportunity to accept
the Lord Jesus Christ as your personal
savior. The very shoes you put on today
to go to work, the undertaker might be
taking them off that night. No one
is
promised tomorrow.
But I'm telling you what's coming.
The ones that are your loved ones that
have passed on before you, they are up
there ready and they're excited that
you're about ready to come home soon.
Heaven's just a breath
away.
The moment your heart stops,
to be absent from the body is to
be present with the Lord,
or you're on your way and descending
into hell.
He did not throw you in hell. You
chose hell by not accepting him and
repenting
and saying, "God, I repent. I ask you to
forgive me of my sins. Wash me with your
precious
blood."You
chose hell; he didn't put you there.
Hell was not created for humanity. Hell
was created for the devil and his
demons—a
lake of fire.
But choose today who you will serve for
the rest of your life.
Know that he has a beautiful place for
you.
And he'll start working on your mansion
immediately. The angels, they're
going to be all working on it; it's going to
be amazing. Your heart's desire. I've
seen beautiful homes in heaven:
plantation style homes,
mansions, beautiful places, castles.
What's
your place going to be like? I want
to come by and visit.
I'll come over and look. Can I come
and see your house? Will you invite me
in?
I'll knock on your door: "Hey, I want to
see what was your heart's
desire."Wait
till you see my heart's desire.
It's going to be exciting. I can't wait.
Knock on the door,
and
I'll invite you to come on in
and look.
But I want to come over to your
house. I want to come. We'll have
eternity to spend together.
We'll be able to hang out and
talk about what God did for you on the
earth.
I don't know if we'll drink
some lemonade or whatever, but we'll
hang out and do stuff.
But I just want you to have an
expectation for heaven.
But if tonight you don't know him,
you don't have that expectation.
If you've never confessed Jesus Christ
as your Lord and personal savior, you
don't have that blessed assurance.
So, I just want to ask you, if you get
real with God tonight and you become
real—and
when you get real
with God, God will get real with
you—if
you repent of your sins, he is
faithful and just to forgive you of your
sins and cleanse you of all
unrighteousness.
For God so loved the world that he gave
his son
that whosoever believes in him
should not perish but have
everlasting life. Are you a whosoever?
I have to ask you today, are you the
whosoever tonight?
Jesus Christ is waiting for you with his
arms wide open.
Tonight's your night.
Say, "Brandon, I want to be saved.
Tonight's my night. I'm coming
home."I
used to know him. I used to have a
relationship with him, but over the
course of time, I've allowed the
world back in. I'm not living like I
should. But tonight, I'm going to
rededicate my life, and I'm all in for
Jesus tonight.
So, if I'm talking to you, I want you to
be bold about your decision real quick
and put in the comment section, say, "I
want to be saved."If you are
coming back tonight to Jesus and you're
leaving from what you used to be
and you want to come back to the Lord, I
want you to say, "Tonight, I'm
rededicating."So,
I want you to repeat this simple
prayer. A 5-year-old could do it.
Say, "Jesus,
I believe you are the Son of God.
Jesus, I ask you to forgive me of my
sins.
I want to make you my Lord and personal
Savior.
Jesus, I'm a sinner.
And as of tonight,
I turn my back on my sin.
I turn my back on the devil. I turn my
back on false religion.
I turn my back on Satanism.
Any kind of contracts, any kind of
witches'spell.
Whatever I've done, I
denounce it in the name of Jesus.
And from this day forward, Lord, I will
serve you with all my heart.
Jesus, I dedicate my life to you.
And from this day forward, I belong to
you.
Write my name in the Lamb's Book of Life
because now I believe you are the Son of
God. And I believe you died and you rose
again on the third day.
And I believe what he's saying
that I make you my Lord and personal
Savior.
Thank you Lord that I am free from
this and I will serve you with
everything I have from this day forward.
Amen and
amen."If
you just said that, I believe you got
born again.
If you believe he is the Son of God. If
you believe he died for you and he rose
again on the third day. That's all that
matters.
And you've denounced your sin. I
come against it now. If you sin again,
you fall down just like a toddler.
You don't run away from God when
you sin. You run to God.
Say, "God, I messed up again today. I
need you to help me."He's
an
ever-present help in a time of need.
So, if that's you and you just said the
sinner's prayer, welcome home.
Now, what do you do? You find a
Bible-believing church. You go to
church.
Find a Bible. You
read your Bible every single day. You
say, "Well, Brandon, I don't have a
Bible."Well,
we'll buy you your
first Bible. We'll send it. We need
your
name, your address, and
how to get it to you. Forgive me. Don't
give me your phone number. I'm not
calling you.
Braden
will,
and we just want to tell you, welcome
to the family. Go to a Bible-believing
church. Tell them, say, "I got
saved watching a bald-headed guy on
YouTube. Now,
I want to be water baptized."Get water
baptized. Get plugged in there. Get
baptized in the Holy Ghost. Find the
book "Why Tongues"by Kenneth E. Hagin.
That's what I was reading before the
broadcast. Find the book. Speak in
tongues. Pray in the spirit
and take communion with us. Get plugged
in here.
Like, subscribe, be a part of our
videos. Come over here and pray with us.
Get plugged in. And I believe the best
is yet to come for every single one of
you. And we're excited for those that
have been a part of this tonight and
gave their hearts to Jesus Christ. If
there's any of you, or I know there'll
be more in the days ahead, it's so
exciting. And so, I guess
that's it. We won't solicit you. I'm not
on WhatsApp. I'm not on
Telegram or anything. I had somebody
yesterday or two days ago that
had a fake AI
voice of me saying to follow them on
Telegram or WhatsApp. I'm not on those.
So do not fall for the scammers. There's
a lot of scammers out there trying to
impersonate me.
If you want to know where I'm at, my
social media is all down below. All
right. Welcome to the broadcast
tonight.
We'll pray for about 30 minutes here. I
got a little bit more time we can give
you. I know it's almost midnight, but
the Lord said to do that. So, did we
have anybody saved? 35 people. Welcome
home.
35 people in the middle of the night
here. 35 people gave their heart to
Jesus Christ.
That's exciting. What a way to start off
the week.
Is today Tuesday?
Yeah. I didn't give an altar call last
night.
I should have done that.
35 people gave their heart to Jesus
Christ tonight. So that's awesome.
Welcome home.
Praise the Lord. Great start.
Believing for another at
least 500 people to get born again this
week.
Father, we're so grateful.
Now, Father, as we just jump
in the river here, we pray over
President Trump and the decisions that
he's making. We thank you, Father, for
the rain.
We call in rain in the name of Jesus.
From the north, the south, the east, the
west, we call in rain. We break the
drought over America. We say, "Rain, come
in
Jesus'name.
Rain,
come."We
call in the rain.
We thank you, Lord, that there's no more drought
over America. We thank you, Lord, for
supernatural rain.
And Father, we pray over
President Trump and the pressure that
he's under. We lift him up with those
stone shoes. We will lift
him
up. We chisel him off. We thank
you, Lord, that he will finish strong in
Jesus'name.
We call in the financial
outpour. We call the Clarity Act to be
passed and done in
Jesus'name.
For the great wealth transfer to start
now in
Jesus'name.
For the wealth of the sinners laid up
for the righteous.
We're
calling it in.
We call those things that be not as
though they were.
We call in supernatural increase that
no weapon formed against us would
prosper, that we walk in divine
authority and power.
Thank you, Lord, that our marriages are
restored.
My marriage is good, so I'm
thankful for my marriage, but I'm saying
for theirs, for their marriages to be
restored. My marriage is solid. But I
pray for the marriages in
Jesus'name.
Thank you, Father,
for our children. We call them saved and
delivered in Jesus'name. We call those
things that be not as though they were.
We call healing and wholeness and
wellness in
Jesus'name.
We call deliverance over their lives.
Thank you, Father.
Every tongue that rises
against us, we condemn it in the name of
Jesus. We condemn the words
and
the word curses; they will not bear
fruit in our life. Every tongue that
rises against us,
we condemn it in
Jesus'name;
we apply the blood.
Everything that has been a blockage in
your life, we call it to be removed. We
call the dam that's been blocking your
life, we call the river to flow
in your spiritual walk and the physical.
We call that blockage to come out in the
name of Jesus.
Out of your belly shall flow
rivers of living water.
We call the blockage to be unblocked. We
call the supernatural flow to flow in
the name of Jesus.
The Lord said gallbladders are being
healed right now in
Jesus'name.
Gallstones are dissolving
right now in Jesus'name. Believe you
receive it. I call gallstones and the
sludge and the
bile to be thinned.
This is going to
be—it's
like a thick sludge causing
the
gallbladder
to spasm.
We call the bile ducts to function like
they're
supposed to in the name of Jesus.
And this is backed up from a fatty
liver. The Lord said
this: we call in the fatty liver
from non-alcoholic
fatty liver disease.
This is from obesity,
from
non-alcoholic
fatty liver
from bile ducts
being clogged. It's a backing of the bile.
We call those gallstones to dissolve. We
call the bile to flow. We call the liver
to be restored. And we thank you, Lord,
that you give them grace to get the
weight off.
We call for the obesity to be removed.
And Father, for self-control
to eat what you called us to eat,
to
take care of our bodies like you've
designed us to.
This vision is very clear; I
see
bile ducts with
fatty liver disease.
It's an enlarged liver.
Now, whatever that
means—I
hear 'enlarged
liver'and
'fatty liver'.
This is interesting: I see a cooked
shrimp,
headless;
a cooked deveined shrimp
with
pink.
We call healing, wholeness, and
wellness over us today.
We
believe we receive in
Jesus'name.
That's what you say:
'I believe I
receive.'We
pray over Barron,
Tiffany, Ivanka,
Don Jr., and Eric. We pray
for
protection around and about them that no
weapon formed against them would
prosper. Every plan, every plot, every
pursuit will come underneath
the blood of Jesus; it will not bear
fruit. You'll not
touch them, hurt them, or harm them in any
way. We put the blood around them today.
Over JD Vance, we call
a stirring, and over Usha,
we call her born again in the name of
Jesus.
She'll know the saving knowledge of the
Lord Jesus Christ and denounce false
gods.
We call her born again, saved and
baptized in the Holy Ghost.
We thank you, Lord,
that there is no God other than the Lord
Jesus Christ.
Jesus is the only way.
So they denounce their
false gods
and
know the saving knowledge of
Jesus Christ
because
Buddha and Muhammad can't
save you; only
Jesus Christ can.
I
feel
a stir,
like a whoosh.
We call down the principalities.
You're not going to
rob that lady of her life.
I see devils over in Washington
right
now—at
the Capitol, in
the White House, and
in those
places.
I still hear
that
the crown jewel of Trump's legacy will
be the ballroom.
They'll finish it and it will be
beautiful;
it'll
be finished before
his term
is
up.
Why do you show me that ballroom so many
times, Father?
Remember I told you there'll be major
judges
who
rise up as a
stumbling block to his
administration.
I see two new faces trying to
raise a ruckus
and
persecutions against his sons,
especially Don Jr. and Eric.
We call them born again.
I've heard that Eric
is born again and baptized in the Holy
Ghost,
and I'm thankful for that,
but we call Don Jr. radically saved,
filled with the Holy Ghost, and
called
out of the pits of hell into the kingdom
of God. We say the
same for Elon Musk.
We thank you, Lord, that Starlink will
be used for the kingdom of God to
spread the gospel
where they don't have internet
service.
Starlink will be used in the
days ahead to spread the gospel and to help with
Neuralink.
They're
going
to
push Starlink really hard.
There's a stirring
in the church,
one last call.
It will be used as a major
outreach to
the nations.
You're going to see
Starlink used to spread the
gospel.
There's a projector screen
in Africa
using
internet from a solar-powered generator,
producing
movies for people to get saved, like 'The
Passion of the Christ'.
They're
going to use Starlink
and
solar power to spread
the gospel
in the middle of nowhere.
I see them bringing water
systems,
creative ideas to
produce clean water.
A new water system will
pull
water out of the
atmosphere
without having to drill.
It's giving
gallons and
gallons
of
clean drinking water from the air.
It's
dehumidification.
I don't know how to
describe this with my English words, but
it
drips the water
out of the air.
It's cheaper than drilling a well.
Elon is
working on
a new
invention for water
for humanitarian aid.
This
breakthrough
will bring aid to
war-torn countries,
Africa,
and desert areas.
I see
an
invention
with
a Tesla-looking
symbol on the side.
Elon Musk is going to produce clean
water
using
blue light
for purification
to kill bacteria.
And Elon Musk is going to produce a new
machine
and they will use it in Gaza
for humanitarian aid.
There's a new invention. God's given it
to Elon.
It's a new form of energy
and
filtering.
It's going to be faster than what
we've ever seen
before—making
water out of the air
like pulling moisture
through a filter
using
solar power.
I see a new invention coming
that
turns like a
turbine. You
could
even give one to each
family.
I see big ones and small ones.
But it's run by
solar;
it's run by the sun. You don't have to
plug it in;
you can run it by the sun.
You'll see it in the days
over here—humanitarian aid.
We call him born again in the name
of Jesus
to find Jesus. I see he'll find Jesus.
There
are
certain things
that he's about to stumble upon:
the God particles.
I see new things that his mind
is ticking around; he realizes
that this is not by
coincidence.
It's not by accident; it's not by the Big
Bang. He realizes that God is God.
He's about to have an experience.
Elon Musk is about to have an
experience;
I believe
he maybe even already has.
There's something here;
I see a spark.
I call this man born again,
saved, and delivered
from demonic spirits bothering him.
I call him born again in
Jesus'name.
Bring laborers across his path, Father.
The same with his son X.
We call his son saved and his
family saved. I thank you, Father.
It's time to get excited. You're
about to see people that have been
so lost become found; they
were
blind, but now they see.
Watch what
God is about to do
with this end-time harvest.
I see celebrities
and
stars; Jesus Christ is
going to invade Hollywood.
I still see a red wave
going
to manifest
over
California, over LA, and over this area
because
people have had enough.
You're going to see a red wave of
political backing from people
trying to come against Gavin
because of the taxes and what
he's doing. There
will
always be the far left,
those
sold out to the devil,
but there's going to be a shaking in
Hollywood.
We pray over Mel Gibson
and
this new Passion of the Christ
movie, The Resurrection. We call
for
favor that they'll not deviate from the
Bible and that they'll stay on
the right track. We pray over Mel Gibson
for the funding
he needs so this will be used as the
greatest harvest mechanism we've ever
seen,
a tool to bring in the
lost.
We call the
saving knowledge of the Lord Jesus
Christ over the nation.
We draw them in from the swamps to the
high places,
calling
them out of hell and
to Jesus.
Watch this new
wave
of what was once powerful like Apple.
I see one rising up that will be the
financial
equivalent of
Apple,
a
tower
over
it.
It
will be
the dark horse. Braden,
it's with Black Onyx
that will rise
and tower over Apple.
The valuation
of
Black Onyx
will rise up and be a tower over
Apple,
Google,
and
Microsoft.
It will tower over Elon.
In fact, I see
Elon and this going
head-to-head.
They will be like
how Amazon does with Elon;
this will be the new rivalry between Elon and
them.
Bezos goes down here
while
they
are
like Apple, and
then
I see Elon and them trading places.
They'll balance between the two of
them;
there'll
be this one over here rising up,
and I see them being competitive
year to the months.
Bezos goes down
right here
as
this one goes up.
But it is Black Onyx;
that's what I can tell you.
You're about to see Black Onyx come on
the scene;
it will seem like it came out of
nowhere,
and it will make people
billionaires.
I see it competing with Elon.
And Bezos
will go down here a little
while
they
bounce. It's
just Black Onyx,
and it will make billionaires.
It will
become a household name,
like
the
iPhone.
I hear a new household name is coming.
Braden,
a new household name is
coming,
and it will make people who got in at
the beginning billionaires.
You've
got to know when to hold 'em
and
know when to fold
'em.
If they hate you now, they're going
to really hate you then.
But if they just spend time at His
throne, He'll share His secret things.
There'll be great things
ahead.
Thank you, Holy Spirit.
We decrease and You
increase. We go vertical in these last
days,
keeping
our eyes
on Jesus.
He has the plans for our
lives.
We thank
you, Lord, for saving Elon Musk,
for the Kardashians,
and
for
Billie Eilish—all of them
coming to Jesus.
There's no one too far lost or too far
gone.
The days of great fun have just begun
for the church.
You're going to see the birthing pains
in the world, but as good days for the
church
arise, you're going to see the shifting
over the summer
months.
You say, "Well, Braden, what about a
financial
crisis?"I
told you God wanted to give you a
window.
The economy is
a pig with lipstick;
ride the wave.
All in my opinion of what the Lord is
showing me.
I see coliseums
and
major arenas full of people.
I
see the Mabee Center full
every night,
and Victory will be the overflow
with Paul Daugherty. Maybe
the
center will be full
and the overflow will be victory.
Victory will be the overflow. That's how
much there's going to be. Maybe
the
center will be full. That's how
many people there will be. There's not going to be
enough parking places.
I see a hotel coming up right there,
a new hotel.
What is going on with that? That's
amazing. They're going to want
hotels.
Lord,
a
renovating of hotels.
It
will put Tulsa back on the map.
All for
a great awakening.
Tulsa will go back on the map;
everybody's going to be
talking about Tulsa.
I see relocation. I see a lot of people
moving.
This is all coming so fast. I see all
this happening so fast.
You won't want to leave the services to
go home. They'll want to camp there.
You won't want to leave the service to
go home.
They'll want to just stay 24 hours a
day, seven days a week. They'll want to just
keep the building open. People will just
be slain in the Holy Spirit in
their chairs with the weight of the
glory.
You know how it lifts here? I feel
the glory lift. I can feel it lift. This
will just stay.
You know the guy that has a
Shekinah Glory Center? Is that right?
You know the guy that has a California
church with the gray beard?
God's about to do something major in
that church.
You know the man with the gray beard?
He is the white man with
the
gray beard.
I believe it is Shekinah
Glory. Son,
will
you look that up? I see a white
man with a beard. Do you know
who
I'm talking about?
The Lord said, 'I'm about to do
something huge in that
church.'They've
been calling for revival.
There's been prayer and the
manifestation of my glory, of that which
they've asked me to manifest over
their surrounding area. I will use them
for this great outpouring.
Do you know who I'm talking about? I see
the man in California.
I'm not talking about Bill Johnson; I'm
talking about a man with a gray beard.
I see his church, and the glory and
unusual manifestations of the presence
of God will manifest there.
There's some things that they're
tweaking and fixing
that need to be
corrected.
But the Lord said,
'I'm going to do some major things in
California.'That's
him right there:
Pastor Joe Sweet.
Shekinah
Worship Center. That
man right there. I see the glory of the
Lord on this man in his church.
Pastor Joe,
I'm telling you, there's some things
they're going to tweak.
And
once
they tweak this little thing,
God's going to do something huge.
It's just a little thing.
That church will be put in
a light like it was with John
Kilpatrick
and
Pensacola. They'll have a
modern-day
Pensacola at his church
there. He's in California, correct? Yes,
because
that's what I keep hearing.
I
don't want to be off
or
flaky, but I'm telling you
what I see. It will
affect the whole city where he's at. It
will start to
be like waves. Whenever you
take a
ball in a pool and you
bounce on it,
it brings waves. The glory of God, when
you bounce on that in the Holy Ghost,
is
going to send these waves. They
start out small, but the bigger they go,
it causes the whole pool to wave. It
creates the whole city to wave. And the
glory of the Lord is going to come like
waves around this
city. It will start to be on the
street corners. The glory of the Lord
is going to visit this place.
You've been crying out for revival
and
my presence.
Get ready for an
overflow experience.
It's going to be known around the whole
area
that
purity will be at a premium.
Purity.
He's looking for the churches
that are holy to him,
not harlots.
He's looking for churches that want
purity at a premium.
It's not about show
or
commercialism. It's just about the Holy
Ghost.
You're going to see it in the
churches that have separated
themselves
to him.
And this church, he says, has done it.
The Lord said, 'I'm about to do something
that's never been done before, and it's
going to be like a new Azusa
Street.'Watch
what happens in
this area; he's going to use this
man.
The enemy will try to attack his flesh,
but the Lord said, 'I put up a
standard against
him.'I
cover him in the blood.
I cover his health in the blood.
No weapon formed against this man will
prosper. I cover him in the blood in
Jesus'name.
Be strong, sir.
You'll live long and finish
strong.
No doctor's reports are true. You'll
always have clarity of your veins. No
cancer, nothing will be around you,
covered by the blood.
You're living long and finishing strong.
The same with your wife and your family. I
pray a covering over you, a sustaining
of the glory flowing through you.
I'm talking about unusual manifestations
of the glory.
Don't try to
force it;
just let me flow.
Like William Seymour put the box on his
head, find your box, sir.
He will share his glory with no one.
What's your box? You have to ask the Holy
Spirit what that is.
But he says, 'Don't force it. Just let
me
flow.'No
preconceived idea of how each service
should be.
Just go say, 'Have your way,
Lord. Have your own way.
You are the potter,
we are the clay. Mold me and make me after thy will.'I'm excited for this man.
California is not done. There'll be shakings and earthquakes, but there's a
remnant in California that says, 'We will not allow the devil to take
it.'Have thy own way. Thou art the potter, I am the clay.
Mold me and make me
after thy will,
while I am waiting,
yielded and still.
Have thy own way, Lord.
Have thy own way.
Search me and try me,
Savior, today.
Wash me just now, Lord,
as in thy presence
humbly I bow.
There's a place on the
West
Coast
I haven't seen before.
I see John
Kilpatrick; God is going to use him.
We pray
for him to be strong in his health.
He's going to
lose
weight and feel great. His
joints are going to be better than
they've ever been. God's going to
work on his knees
and
his body.
And the
finances are coming.
Some of the people have bought into
the Black Onyx thing that I'm talking
about.
They study to show themselves approved.
And the Lord said
the finances are coming.
And the finances are coming to John
Kilpatrick. He's not going to lack
anything.
Where there has been lack,
where there has not been enough,
there's going to be such a surplus that
you're going to say, "I don't know what
to do with all of it,"because of the
givers that God is bringing. Because
you've been faithful with what you've
had, God's about to pour it on you
like you've never seen it before.
Finances are going to be like an open
river
and you will let it flow. The Lord
will use you, and people will
come
underneath that glory and
distribute it like
they did with Azusa.
They'll come and they'll taste and see,
and then the Lord will distribute.
They'll be
planted all around like Azusa.
But the Lord said finances will flow
and there'll be no lack. There'll be no
lack over this man.
The Lord said there'll be no
lack of money on this man.
It will be a
distribution center
like silos.
It will be a sign and a wonder,
and you'll be in shock and awe when you
take up the offering and your offering
counters count
it.
They're
going to call you and you'll want to pass
out because of what God did.
I'm telling you, this is what I'm
hearing.
Either you receive it or you don't,
but the Lord said
there will be no lack for you.
It's time to believe Him for bigger,
sir.
The Lord said, "It's time to believe Me.
Take off the
restraints."Pastor
John, He said, "Take off the
restraints. Believe Me for exceedingly
abundantly above all that you dare ask
or think."That's what the Lord said.
For there's nothing you'll lack.
He said you've done it before:
the glory,
the saturation of
prayer
brings the revival.
There
will
be buildings you didn't build.
Have Your own way, Lord.
Have Thy own way.
Wounded and weary,
help me I pray.
Power, all power
surely is Thine.
Touch me and heal me, Savior divine.
Have Thy own way, Lord.
Have Thy own way.
That's
it.
That's what it is in these end times.
Have Your way, Lord.
Have Your own way.
Thou art the potter, Lord; I am the
clay.
Mold me and make me
after Thy will
while I am waiting,
yielded and still.
I
am
yielded. I am filled
with and controlled by the Holy Ghost.
Have Thy own way, Lord. Have Thy own
way.
Search me and try me,
Savior today.
Wash me just now, Lord,
as in Thy presence
humbly we bow.
That's it.
We stay vertical,
looking at You.
Father, we just want to be at this
greatest revival
that the world has ever seen.
Father, I thank You, Lord, that You're
standing at the door.
You said, "Brandon, bring in the harvest
and I'll come and get
you."I
thank You, Lord, that You anoint us.
I thank You, Lord, that tonight is the
night
as we humble ourselves before You.
The glory will work through us.
We
attract to deflect and pour out Your
spirit on us, Lord.
Father, may we always be in the right
place at the right time to witness,
and
give us boldness
to say the things that need to
be said. We'll not bow down to the
world. We'll not bow down to the idols
of the world, but we surrender all to
You.
We give our all to You, Jesus,
our blessed Savior. I
humbly give. We humble ourselves before the mighty
hand of God
and we cry out from the top of the
mountains to the lowest of the valleys
that Jesus Christ is coming
and we need to repent.
It's time for the people to come back to
church. But when they come back, they
don't get watered-down religion; they'll
get the Holy Ghost and fire.
Pour out Your spirit upon us, Lord,
like we've never tasted it before. Use
this generation, Lord.
Father, we're so hungry
and
thirsty.
Touch Africa, Asia, South
Korea, Australia, and Europe.
Touch the Middle East. Do it one more
time, Lord, for the greatest harvest of
souls this world has ever seen.
We believe, Father, that we are the
generation that will not taste death.
You are the potter, we are the clay.
Mold me and make me
after Thy will
while I am waiting,
yielded and still.
Have Thy own way, Lord.
Search me and try me,
Savior today.
Wash me just now, Lord,
as in Thy presence
humbly I bow.
Fill us,
O
God,
to overflow
with a fresh wine and new wineskin,
fresh fire across
the nations,
across Australia,
Ireland, Iraq, and the
Philippines. O Father, do it again.
Touch Asia. Touch them, Father. They
need a fresh touch.
Glory to God.
We call revival in America.
We
thank You, Lord, that the Jezebel spirit
does not take our president out, that he
takes no counsel from the ungodly.
He stands with Israel, He
stands for the peace of Jerusalem.
And Father, I pray a blessing over our
nation in the name of Jesus. For You
said, "Bless those that bless Israel,
You will bless. And those that curse
him, You will curse."And I believe
that, Father, we're on the right side of
the blessing.
And I bless this nation in the name of
Jesus
for one last push,
one last call, one last harvest.
And then the coming of the Lord.
The hardest of cases will know You,
Jesus.
The lost of the lost will know You,
We call the glory of the Lord to visit
Minneapolis,
New York, and Chicago. We call the glory of the Lord
over Denver,
Colorado Springs, and Andrew
Wommack's ministry,
and over all of it. We call the
glory of the Lord
over Amarillo,
over Pastor Brian's church.
We thank You, Father, that You're not
done
and that there'll be glory
spots.
Thank You, Lord, that You used Brian in
Amarillo
and over Glorious Church Fellowship
always. Lord, we pray for Pastor Candace
and Chip
that there'll be a glorious
outpouring over Glorious Church.
Father, they'll not have room enough to
receive it all. And that little church
over Collinsville, Oklahoma,
will be
a
special place
where they want the glory.
Praise the Lord.
Well, I kept you a lot later
tonight,
but I'm so thankful for the time we've
had.
I feel His presence mightily in here.
The
word is working mightily in
me.
No matter what I see or feel or what's
going on with me,
the word is working mightily in me.
Find your box.
What's your box?
He'll share His glory with no one. This
is where we're at.
Like William Seymour
put on his box.
Pastors, find your box.
He'll share His glory with no
one.
The word is working mightily in me.
Thank You, Father.
And Father, Cuba will be saved.
We call Cuba saved. We call Mexico
saved. We call
all the Latino nations. We call you saved.
In the name of Jesus,
we call the Latinos saved. We call them
born again.
In
Jesus'name:
Venezuela,
Colombia,
Argentina—all
the
places—we
call a major revival.
Brazil,
thank you. Guatemala, Father, we thank
You, Lord.
Panama, Father, we believe
in
Jesus'name.
And everybody say, "Amen and
amen."I
pray this blesses you today.
We pray you were refreshed
and you walk away with your
head held high, knowing that Jesus
Christ loves you
and He has a plan for your life.
And we're excited that we had 37 people
get born again tonight.
And we're expecting more tomorrow night
as we continue to keep praying over the
nations and praying over that which is
to come. He shows us that which is to
come.
And so we're excited; we believe for
what's coming.
And so I know, like I said,
if it's too long for you, you can watch it at other times, but I'm
never going to apologize for the Spirit of the Lord when the Spirit
of the Lord
is
praying. You better get used to
long services; that's all I've got to say.
You better get used to it. It's not going to be
church normal; it's going to be church
unusual. And when the glory of the Lord
shows up in your church,
you're not going to go, "Holy
Spirit, I have to go home and watch
Oprah or whatever you
watch."No,
you're going to lose all track of time
when the glory of the Lord's in there.
You won't care if
it's five, six, or ten hours. You'll be in there
going,
"I haven't eaten today. I don't
care; I'm in Him. I'm with Him right
now.
There's nothing else that
matters."Tell
your flesh to shut up.
I just want to be where He's at.
God bless you all. We love you,
and we'll see you again tomorrow.
Remember, put a smile on your face and a
song in your heart. Jesus loves you so
much, and we love you. God bless you all.
Have a great night. Bye-bye.